PrivacyPolicy

Thank you for playing our games! Your privacy and security are of great importance to us. We are focused on giving you the best possible experience, without compromising the information you are sharing with us by using our games, which we collectively call services. This policy is meant to give you a detailed description of how we handle your data and how you can manage it.

This Privacy Policy explains when we collect information about you, including Personal Information (“PI”), what we collect, why we collect it, how we use it, who we share it with, where it is processed, how we handle it and your choices and legal rights associated with this information. Your use of our websites, products, services, or other online activities (“Services”) constitutes your consent to these practices.

create and maintain an account for you in our Games or other Services where applicable,
enable you to play our Games or use our other Services, and provide their correct versions (for example, selecting an appropriate language version for you),
verify your purchases or other transactions in our Games or other Services,
where available, enable you to communicate with other users in our Games or other Services (for example, by providing chat, forums, or other similar features),
where available, provide social features (for example, clans, matchmaking, or leaderboards) or events in our Games or other Services, 
personalize your gameplay experience and provide you with offers and rewards in our Games based on your activity in those Games,
where available, enable you to save and synch your gameplay across multiple devices (for example, by giving you the option to connect a third-party account with our Games for that purpose),
send you service-related communications (for example, technical notices, security alerts, or administrative messages), or
handle your support requests or otherwise manage our relationship with you.

Information You Provide to Us

We collect the information that you directly provide to us, such as when you enter it on our website, or include it in an email that you send to us. This type of collection often occurs through our business support processes, such as:

Registration or Network Account (“Account”) Creation Processes, where we ask you to provide information such as: Contact info (e.g. name, email or physical address, country, or phone number); Account Administration Info (e.g. user name, password, or security questions); Date of Birth; and Profile Info (e.g. profile photo, languages, likes).Technical and Customer Support Processes, where we may ask you to provide contact info and information related to the issue you are contacting us about.

Other business processes, where we may ask you to provide information such as name, email address, and Account ID if you participate in market research surveys, beta and other user testing research, competitions, promotions or events or agree to receive marketing information from us.

In addition, we collect the information that you provide by entering it into certain Service features.

Please make sure that any personal details which you provide are accurate and current. We will send any important information relating to your Account to you using the contact information you provide (including Account security and privacy notices). You can check and update some of the information you have provided to us any time via Account Management.

Information Use

This section explains how we may use the information we collect about you. We may combine information from any of the sources explained in the “Information That We Collect or Receive” section of this Privacy Policy. For example, we may process together information we have collected from you, your visits to our website, your device history, etc., for the purposes explained in this Privacy Policy.

Services

We may use your information to operate our Services. We may also personalize the services we provide to you based on the information we have collected about you (for instance, we may use your IP address to display content relevant for your area). And, to enable accessibility settings functions (for you, or other users), we may convert your voice data to text.

With your consent, we may process your data to:

send you newsletters or other similar communications if you have subscribed to them (for example, through a subscription form on our Websites or link in our Games),
ask our advertising partners to show or not show our ads to you based on your activity (including by limiting the number of times you see our ads),
ask our advertising partners to advertise our Games or other Services to audiences who they believe have interests similar to yours,
keep track of your activity in our Games to learn about your interests and improve the advertising in our Games, or
personalize, or ask our advertising partners to personalize, the ads you see in our Games to make them more relevant to you, 
place cookies on your device when you use the Websites (through our cookie consent manager/banner), or
for other purposes explained to you when we ask for your consent.

Development

We use the information we collect to understand, improve and enhance our existing Services, your experiences with them, and our business operations, and to develop new ones. For example, we may use the information to develop and optimize user interfaces or game performance.

Moderation and Safety

We cannot monitor the whole of Network and make no commitment to do so. However, we reserve the right in our sole discretion to monitor (including through the use of technology that automatically detects images, text, and URLs that breach our Terms of Service) and record your online activity and communication throughout Network and to remove and/or delete any content. We may use the information we collect (as described above) to detect breaches and enforce our Network Terms of Service, Software Usage Terms, System Software License Agreements, any other terms of service you have agreed to and any rules or codes of conduct applicable to your use of Network.

Legal and Compliance

We may use the information we collect for auditing, compliance and legal purposes (for example, protecting the rights and property its partners and customers).

Information Sharing and Transfers

This section explains how we may share the information we collect with third parties that provide services to us or provide games and apps on Network that you use. We do not and will not accept money in exchange for sharing PI. We may share your information with the following recipients and for the following purposes.

Service Providers

We share information with service providers, who are persons or companies that provide services which may include handling PI for any of the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Service providers are required to adhere to this Privacy Policy, and confidentiality and security requirements.

Government Authorities

We may share your information with police and other government authorities if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, or legal process, to detect, protect and enforce the safety of any person, their property or their rights, to address fraud and security and report criminal activity. The majority of the cases in which we have shared information with police and government authorities concern their investigations into stolen devices, or moderation purposes and safety of users. In a small number of cases, we have also provided information in response to anti-fraud or more serious criminal investigations.

Your Choices and Rights

Your Choices

You may have certain choices about how your information is collected, used, stored, and shared. These options can be accessed through your account or device settings. Please ensure that your information is up-to-date.

"Do Not Track" is an internet browser setting regarding tracking. As there are currently no agreed upon standards for the DNT signals or how to respond to them, we adhere to the standards set out in this Privacy Policy.

Your Rights

You can also access, amend or delete some information through your Account Settings page.

In some cases, your choices to provide, change or delete information may affect our ability to deliver our Services, or your user experience. We may decline to process requests which are not otherwise required by applicable law. You have the right not to be unlawfully discriminated against because you have exercised these rights.

How to Contact Us About this Privacy Policy

For further information on our Privacy Policy, or how users can review or change their information,please contact us send e-mail to divineookun026@gmail.com.

Changes to this Policy

We may revise this Privacy Policy at any time and we will update this Policy with any revisions. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you acknowledge and accept that PI will be handled in accordance with the revised Privacy Policy.